# Project Description
As the IT and IS fields continue to grow, DevOps (development and operations) has grown more important. The main goal of DevOps is to increase the communication and collaboration in any given project, and a lot of investment has gone in to improving these functions. The following software/services are integral to DevOps as we know it today, and are often used in tandem with one another. Here is how each contribute to the the productivity and competitiveness of a company:

## Git: 
* Git can be used to improve the productivity and competitiveness of a company through streamlining the coding process. Git becomes a central hub for easy code collaboration that is ideal for work projects. The branching and merging features are one of the biggest collaborative assets in Git, as branching allows independent development and merging makes it simple to combine individual work to the main project. Additionally, Git is open source so it greatly benefits businesses at no cost to them. 

## Docker:
* Docker is important to business processes since it allows for easier creation, deployment, and running applications through the use of containers. Containers are significantly better than virtual machines, as they are isolated but share the OS and file libraries instead of emulating virtual hardware: which means significantly less system requirements. In addition to that, it minimizes compatibility issues because Docker runs identically on any machine (this is because all of the specifications of how the cointainer is run is located in the container itself).

## Continuous Integration: 
* Continuous integration is another advantageous business process, which is made significantly easier through the use of both Git and Docker. Git makes the merging of the code much easier and more efficient, adding to the program incrementally as it is intergrated almost seamlessly by multiple collaborators. Docker makes continuous integration easier by increasing portability by using containers for developer’s applications, which means their code is isolated so it is easier to push modifications and updates. Docker also allows developers to easily test their work in multiple different environments through containers. 

## Automated Testing: 
* Automated testing can be done through an application (one such application is called Travis CI: a continuous intergration service). A build can be automatically tested when Travis CI clones the repository into a virtual environment, then runs specified tests in order to test the code. The code will either break, in which case the user will be notified of the failure, or it will be passed and deployed. This is important to businesses, as they can not only test their products more thoroughly, but quickly and easily before deployment. By simplifying the process, it allows for faster deployment and therefore an increase in competitiveness. 
